so charles found himself locked in a
small room
he didn't know what had happened just
then he saw a door
he approached it and tried to open it
but it was locked
there were three buttons on one button
there was a circle
on the second one a triangle on the
third a square
charles didn't know which one would
unlock the door
luckily though there was a note it said
twelve
four eight which button should he press
to get out
you might have noticed that there's a
clock right above the door
it's there for a reason if you draw
lines connecting 12
4 and 8 you get a triangle so charles
should press the button with the
triangle on it
esme was having a regular walk in the
forest and got lost
she wandered around all night in the
dark just after sunrise
she came upon a witch's house she had
nowhere else to go
so she walked in and asked the witch to
send her home
the witch agreed but it wasn't going to
be that easy
three magical doors appeared and esme
had to decide which one to go through
behind the first door nothing but a deep
pit
behind the second door was a shower of
toxic liquid
behind the third door was an open space
with a vampire waiting for her
which way should esme go
well it's already past sunrise the
vampire would be gone
already hiding out somewhere dark esme
should pick the third door
maybe esme could have just jumped over
the pit what do you think
take a look at these pictures which
blogger is richer
the second one look at the number of
likes she has seventeen thousand but the
first one
only has seven thousand one of mr
smith's sons
jaden was taken several hours later mr
smith and his younger son david received
a letter
the letter stated that if they wanted to
see jaden again
they should round up a million dollars
cash and take it to
a little shack in the woods mr smith and
david decided to do it
and david took the money into the woods
alone but it didn't go as planned
david said that halfway to the shack
someone approached him from behind
hit him and stole the money there was an
investigation
and a detective asked david what the
robber looked like
david said that he had dark hair and a
red hoodie with a black logo
on it the detective immediately figured
out who had taken
jaden can you
it was david he said the robber
approached him from behind
but somehow he still managed to remember
some pretty specific details about the
robber
nah he made it all up abigail
wanted to buy her mom the best birthday
present ever
the problem was she had zero ideas
she decided to sneak into her mom's
computer go to her online shopping cart
and see what she had saved in there when
her mom left for work
abigail sneaked into her home office and
turned on the computer
uh-oh it required a password and abigail
didn't know it
there was a sticky note attached to the
keyboard it was a clue
one apple two apple two orange two kiwi
one lemon can you guess the password
[Music]
each number represents one letter of the
word a
apple means the first letter so a
then we get p r i and l
the password is april wow her mom is
really into fruit
a lady was shopping and left the store
right after paying
a couple of minutes later she returned
she had forgotten her wallet at the
checkout counter
but the wallet was already gone she
called the police and reported the
robbery
a detective interrogated the people who
were in the store at the time
sophia the cashier said she didn't see
the wallet after the lady paid
robert a pilot who happened to be
shopping there said he didn't even see
the wallet
he didn't have his glasses on mark a
landscaper
said he was in a different part of the
store so he didn't see anything
so who stole the wallet
[Music]
it was robert the pilot he looks pretty
blind without his glasses
so he's definitely not a pilot why would
he lie about that
unless amelia's brother neil
was a crazy scientist in the past year
he'd been working on a time machine
one day he ran into amelia's room and
screamed
he'd done it he'd invented a time
machine and it totally worked
he said he had already tested it he
managed to talk to william shakespeare
princess diana and sherlock holmes
amelia didn't believe him at all
why was she so sure about it
even if neil had actually invented a
time machine
he'd only have been able to talk to
people who actually
existed in real life he said he talked
to sherlock holmes
that guy's a character from a book and a
tv show and a movie
hey that guy's everywhere a woman called
the police
and reported that she had been robbed
she said she was in a restaurant
bathroom
fixing her makeup someone had come up
from behind and hit her on the head
so she didn't know what the person
looked like the police sent her home
and refused to fill out the report why
the woman was fixing her makeup so she
must have been looking in the mirror
she would have definitely seen someone
sneaking up behind her
she lied and made up the whole story
grab your detective hat and head over to
europe for this next one
bill was traveling from paris to berlin
by train
when the train got to berlin bill wasn't
on it his friend reported him missing
the investigation began and somewhere
between paris and berlin
they found some interesting clues there
were footsteps that belonged to bill
and a few feet away his luggage a
detective
found the person who had been sitting
next to bill on the train
his name was sam he said that bill
didn't have a ticket
when he saw the ticket inspector coming
he decided to make a run for it
he threw his suitcase off the train and
then jumped
the detective didn't believe his story
and arrested sam for pushing bill off
the train
[Music]
why
look at the direction the train was
going if sam's story was true
the suitcase should be behind bill's
footsteps not in front
sam pushed bill off the train then threw
his luggage off after
mrs anderson came home from work in the
middle of the day
because she'd forgotten some important
documents when she went to the bedroom
she saw her husband lying on the bed
there was a paramedic beside him
mr anderson was unconscious and the
doctor explained that he had been
poisoned
luckily he had had time to call a
paramedic before passing out
mrs anderson immediately blocked off the
door and called the police
she said there was a fake paramedic in
her house who had poisoned her husband
how did she know
you might have noticed that when mrs
anderson arrived
there was no ambulance in the driveway
that's
super suspicious william was hit on the
head and taken away
when he woke up he found himself locked
in a small room
he tried to open the door but obviously
it was locked
there was nothing in the room except for
a wooden box with 12 bottles in it
there was an extra bottle on the floor
next to it william looked
everywhere for the key but found nothing
after a bit of thinking
he noticed something he managed to find
the key
where was it
look at the bottle on the floor it's
exactly the same as the others
but for some reason it's a bit lower
there must be a fake floor in the box
that's where the key is
several women went missing in a small
city the police searched for months
but they couldn't find any trace of them
one day
a detective got lucky he saw a hooded
figure who matched their description
followed it and found the place where
they were being kept hostage
but when he busted in there were just
three women
they all said that they had been locked
in this small room but the detective
knew that one of them
wasn't a victim at all the first woman
said her name was
emory she had spent around a year in
that room
the second woman arya said she had been
there about six months
the third woman said her name was
brielle and that she had been locked up
in there for about two months
can you tell who's lying
emery's lying look at her hair she just
had to die
but she's been there a year arya's hair
is also dyed
but you can see her natural dark roots
growing out
after years in college steven came back
to his hometown
he met up with a couple of his old
friends dylan and harry
both of them said they're successful
bloggers now
to prove it they showed him screenshots
from their most popular videos
steve took a look at them and could tell
that one of his friends was lying
who's lying and how did steve know
[Music]
harry's lying the number of views for
his video is 2.1 million
but the number of likes is way higher
4.5 million
that's impossible or at least really
really suspicious
harry probably photoshopped that
screenshot uh-huh